Hi! This is Kisha, just to inform you
this is an ALPHA Demo of Final Fantasy
Reprise, just like the earlier ones, in
case you haven't noticed.

To tell you the truth, this game is
being developed by a single person:
Sheng Long Gradilla.

Now, what do Sasha, Clay, and Kisha
(myself) do? We discuss, we do plot
and dialog stuff, we reply the e-mail
messages from everyone, sometimes I
impersonate Sheng at IRC (ever got the
impression that Sheng is acting
unusual?) to know what VERGErs think,
etc.


Sheng is a great person, and few people
ever notices. He's always willing to
help. He sometimes bothers everyone
with his great will to help.

Sheng is always thinking about everyone
he might be able to help. He's always
daydreaming, thinking about the reactions
of people after being helped. If you tell
him your problems, he'll try to help, or
at least make you feel better.

Now, why am I telling you this?

Well, Sheng goes to school, has a
half-time job, and a life. He works on
this game on weekends only, pulling two
all-nighters (friday+saturday), then
takes some rest on sunday. No one at
his home supports him. The only
comments he gets are: Can't you leave
the computer? Stop doing that stupid game!

He wants to be happy, but his family is
not helping much.

He usually lacks of motivation, except
while I (Kisha) am with him. I motivate
him, make him laugh, make fun of
everything he does, help as model for
drawing, and play his tons of still
unfinished projects.

He also has a special girl. Nothing
serious yet, but he's trying.

You may be thinking: "N'gah! What the
hell! What has Sheng done for me anyway?"

Now, I tell you HE has done THIS demo
for YOU. He did it ALONE. Now tell me,
what have YOU done for HIM?

Don't you think he's working hard to make
people happy? Help him develop this game
and you'll make him happy too.

This is not only a demo. The truth is this
is the WHOLE Project's directory, incluiding
the unused art, code, and everything. It's
being made this way with the intention that
you know what has been made so far, and help
Sheng optimize and make it better.

If you want a better Final Fantasy Reprise,
contribute! We need better code for the
pixel-accurate movement (the current one
makes the player jerky on some computers),
townspeople CHRs, CR2 for the characters,
help with the battle system, code for the
airship, seaship and canoe, and much
more stuff.

If you want to read this text again, the
file name is "Kisha".

The game is about to start now. You can skip
the intro with the Alt key, in case you
haven't figured out. This text can't skipped
with the Alt key until you have read it at
least once.

- Kisha
